.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\" Copyright 2013 Los Alamos National Security, LLC. All rights reserved.
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Cisco Systems, Inc.  All rights reserved.
.\" Copyright 2006-2008 Sun Microsystems, Inc.
.\" Copyright (c) 1996 Thinking Machines Corporation
.\" Copyright (c) 2020      Google, LLC. All rights reserved.
.\" Copyright (c) 2020      Sandia National Laboratories. All rights reserved.
.\" $COPYRIGHT$
.TH MPI_Precv_init 3 "Unreleased developer copy" "gitclone" "Open MPI"
.SH NAME
\fBMPI_Precv_init\fP \- Initializes a partitioned receive.

.SH SYNTAX
.ft R
.SH C Syntax
.nf
#include <mpi.h>
int MPI_Precv_init(const void *\fIbuf\fP, int\fI partitions\fP, int\fI count\fP, MPI_Datatype\fI datatype\fP, int\fI dest\fP,
	int\fI tag\fP, MPI_Comm\fI comm\fP, MPI_Request\fI *request\fP)

.fi
.SH INPUT PARAMETERS
.ft R
.TP 1i
buf
Initial address of receive buffer (choice).
.TP 1i
partitions
Number of partitions (integer).
.TP 1i
count
Number of elements to be received per partition  (integer).
.TP 1i
datatype
Datatype of each element (handle).
.TP 1i
dest
Rank of source (integer).
.TP 1i
tag
Message tag (integer).
.TP 1i
comm
Communicator (handle).

.SH OUTPUT PARAMETERS
.ft R
.TP 1i
request
Communication request (handle).
.ft R
.TP 1i
IERROR
Fortran only: Error status (integer).

.SH ERRORS
Almost all MPI routines return an error value; C routines as the value of the function and Fortran routines in the last argument.
.sp
Before the error value is returned, the current MPI error handler is
called. By default, this error handler aborts the MPI job, except for I/O function errors. The error handler may be changed with MPI_Comm_set_errhandler; the predefined error handler MPI_ERRORS_RETURN may be used to cause error values to be returned. Note that MPI does not guarantee that an MPI program can continue past an error.

.SH NOTE
.ft R
The current implementation is an early prototype and is not fully compliant with the MPI-4.0 specification. Specifically this function and it's counterpart (MPI_Psend_init) will block until the partitioned communication request is initialized on both ends. This behavior will be corrected in future versions.

.SH SEE ALSO
MPI_Psend_init
.br
