.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\" Copyright 2013 Los Alamos National Security, LLC. All rights reserved.
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Cisco Systems, Inc.  All rights reserved.
.\" Copyright 2006-2008 Sun Microsystems, Inc.
.\" Copyright (c) 1996 Thinking Machines Corporation
.\" Copyright (c) 2020      Google, LLC. All rights reserved.
.\" Copyright (c) 2020      Sandia National Laboratories. All rights reserved.
.\" $COPYRIGHT$
.TH MPI_Pready_range 3 "Unreleased developer copy" "gitclone" "Open MPI"
.SH NAME
\fBMPI_Pready_range\fP \- Indicates that a given range os send-side partitions are ready to be transferred.

.SH SYNTAX
.ft R
.SH C Syntax
.nf
#include <mpi.h>
int MPI_Pready_range(int\fI partition_low\fP, int\fI partition_high\fP, MPI_Request\fI *request\fP)

.fi
.SH INPUT PARAMETERS
.ft R
.TP 1i
partition_low
The lowest of the range of partitions to mark ready for transfer (integer).
.TP 1i
partition_high
The highest of the range of partitions to mark ready for transfer (integer).
.TP 1i
request
Communication request (handle).

.SH OUTPUT PARAMETERS
.ft R
.TP 1i
IERROR
Fortran only: Error status (integer).

.SH ERRORS
Almost all MPI routines return an error value; C routines as the value of the function and Fortran routines in the last argument.
.sp
Before the error value is returned, the current MPI error handler is
called. By default, this error handler aborts the MPI job, except for I/O function errors. The error handler may be changed with MPI_Comm_set_errhandler; the predefined error handler MPI_ERRORS_RETURN may be used to cause error values to be returned. Note that MPI does not guarantee that an MPI program can continue past an error.

.SH SEE ALSO
MPI_Pready, MPI_Pready_list, MPI_Parrived
.br
